And I was right.
What a bitch
how
Don't you really think I'm you?
I'm not satisfied to tell you
My heart
Next time, don't let me send a video and run away.
I won't end up as simple as today
Anyone?
Okay, take it down for me and continue to kneel
When did you really listen?
To release
Hu Yiming
And I was right.
Real excuse
how
Won't you tell me about you?
Hmm, let me tell you
Ah!
Why is this happening?
Why is God punishing me like this?
Miss Tang Lin Nian
The private residence he's been employing all this time
cheap
You go and help me keep an eye on it
A lot of manpower has been added there recently
It's not good to inquire again
Lin Nian, this bitch, actually lived in Gu Ying's house
See if I don't clean up properly
Mom, you're here, you're here
You are real
I can't see clearly either.
I am the mistress of this place
Hostess Miss Tang
You bitch is really here